okay air traveler think about this
will robots replace all airport staff
how can you go duty-free shopping in
virtual reality
will you finally be allowed to keep your
phone in your pocket as you go through
security checks
well let's see what the airport of the
future will look like
automated equipment connected by 5g
networks and robots will occupy many
currently human positions
that's why you'll see way fewer
employees at the airport
socially aware robots will figure out
your native language
they'll guide you through the airport to
your gate or a place to eat
they might even recommend the best sites
in the area depending on your interests
or a good hotel to fit your budget
cleaning robots will use built-in
mapping technologies
and an object avoidance system it'll
help them choose the most efficient path
and keep the airport perfectly clean
such a robot has already been created by
lg
and helps out at seoul's inchon
international airport
robots will pick up your luggage when
you arrive at the airport
one robot of such kind is already
working at geneva airport
passengers scan their boarding passes
then put their bags
in the robot's luggage compartment the
machine gives them special tags to
attach to their bags and luggage
receipts
and drives away passengers will be able
to use
other luggage drop-off opportunities at
train stations restaurants
or airport coffee shops your bags might
even be picked up from your hotel
or home you'll be able to track your
luggage in real time through a phone app
when it arrives at the carousel at your
destination airport
you'll get a notification bags will be
tracked through embedded ships
your airport experience will become
truly personal
when you look at an airport screen
you'll see information about your flight
boarding time gate changes and delays
all this data will be presented in the
language you choose
a passenger standing right next to you
and looking at the same screen
will see completely different
information tailored for them
duty-free shops will transform into
virtual shopping malls
after you connect to one it'll analyze
your buying history
and suggest goods and brands you might
like your purchases will be delivered to
your home
there will be more space at terminals
they'll also become more relaxed
no more retail pushing at you from all
sides
we can only hope there will be no more
physical document checks
you'll simply walk through a sensor
corridor that will analyze your facial
features or iris scan
biometrics are already widely used
around the world
there are automated lanes for local
citizens at some airports
they don't have to scan their thumbs or
show physical ids
airports will become more eco-friendly
on-site servers that consume a lot of
energy
will be replaced by cloud data storage
even runways will change so that planes
will spend less time
and fuel during takeoff and landing
overcrowded check-in desks will become
history
you'll check in online at self-service
desks at train platforms hotels
or in convention centers through data
clouds once checked in
you'll get a digital token on your
smartphone that will serve as your id
and boarding pass for the trip you will
no longer have to take off your shoes
during security checks
um can we just have a silent moment of
celebration right here
thank you a special pad will detect
forbidden
items and substances hidden in shoes
all thanks to a scanner that will be
using a grid of sensing electrodes
the whole process will take mere seconds
while you're waiting in line for a full
body scan
wow maybe they'll throw in a free health
checkup too
better yet you'll walk through security
scanners without taking off your code
and with pockets full of coins and
phones fewer trays going through
scanners
will mean less time spent on checks
artificial intelligence will work
together
with a more sensitive version of
currently used body scanners
to flag any hazards cooling sensors will
make them more effective from
even a further distance your electronics
will be allowed to stay
in your bag during security checks
artificial intelligence will be able to
compare the regular laptop
and the one going through the x-ray
scanner it'll show if the device has
been modified
and can be a source of trouble the new
mag ray system will be based on the
technology used in mri scans
it'll tell harmless liquids from the
other kind
that means your water bottle or your
favorite face tonic will be allowed to
stay
in your carry-on molecular body scanners
will analyze body language
and spot suspicious behavior they'll
also check if any passenger needs help
from airport staff
each airport of the future will have its
digital twin
a super detailed and smart computer
simulation
relying on artificial intelligence
algorithms it'll take its own decisions
in real time
if ai receives some negative feedback on
let's say
bathroom cleanliness it'll immediately
send someone to take care of that
artificial intelligence will adapt the
airport to the number of travelers
during the holiday season major sports
events and other peak travel periods
there will be additional passenger
services for example
when two large planes land at the same
time
the airport will send more people or
robots
to take care of all those passengers
there will be more taxis at the arrivals
to avoid long lines entire districts
and even cities will be centered around
airports
they will serve as important hubs for
all kinds of public transit
from buses and high-speed rail to
hyperloop
air taxis will become the new hit they
may even partially replace short haul
flights
people will come to airports to meet up
with friends go
shopping enjoy a spa and who knows
it already happens at singapore's changi
airport
it has a five-story air-conditioned
garden
the world's tallest indoor waterfall and
canopy mazes
the airport's business dining and
shopping facilities
include a pokemon center and a hotel
with 130 rooms
there will be no more parking areas
taking up too much valuable land
car sharing is already a huge thing and
self-driving cars will also become
popular soon
they will drop passengers off and move
on to the next destination
if you still decide to use your own car
you'll have to park it further away from
the airport
airport and airline apps will provide
up-to-date information on weather
conditions
air traffic gate numbers and even
security check
and taxi wait times special apps will
also allow passengers to do some online
shopping
or order food and have everything
delivered to the gate
the same apps will also help submit your
immigration documents
check into a hotel or re-book a flight
leaving highly automated airports of the
future
passengers will board much faster
lighter and sturdier planes
some experts say aircraft will have
amphitheater style cabins
with no windows at all real-time footage
of what's going on
outside will be projected on plane walls
instead
they might even broadcast sunrises or
sunsets
to make it easier for passengers to deal
with jet lag
another concept is individual cabins
placed on top of each other
they'll have a bed inside and an
entertainment system controlled from
your smartphone
a sound system might be built into your
seat providing you with movie theater
sound quality
some planes might have transparent domes
for passengers to walk under
and enjoy the views while in the air hey
how about transparent floors so you can
see what's under you
now that would just scare the jeebers
out of everyone
never mind new generation planes will
definitely be more eco-friendly
they'll slowly switch from gas to
electricity
this is still a far away perspective
though in the meantime
biofuel is a healthy solution meal trays
will be greener too
their base will be made from coffee
greens spoons and forks will be produced
from
coconut wood pressed banana leaves will
be used as salad pods
and desserts will be served in waffle
cones
when the electric aircraft becomes a
reality the shape of the plane will
change a lot
it will look more like a bird's wing
that's a champion
in aerodynamic efficiency